Damn cripple, get over here
Hong Zhenzhen Wang Xiaoyan, why are you here?
You're shameless, cripple
How dare you steal my birthday party
Hong Zhenzhen, make it clear
When did I steal your birthday party?
You are standing here now
You still want to blame
Dead cripple this banquet hall
But it's for our Miss Zhenzhen
Of course this Miss Zhenzhen must be ours
How could it be you?
Zhang Zhenzhen
You actually replaced our Miss Zhenzhen's birthday party
Cripple
Are you getting bolder now?
What a mess
Hong Zhenzhen, are you mistaken?
This place was given to me by my little mother
What does it have to do with you?
fart
This is obviously a surprise my dad prepared for me
Dead cripple, you don't pee
See for yourself what this place is
This five-star hall
But the most luxurious banquet hall in Yunzhou
Can be fixed here
Which one doesn't want to be a big shot?
Even if your little mother has a little money
Why did you get here?
Wang Xiaoyan
It seems that the lesson given to you in the 4S store is not enough
Do you owe your mouth again now?
Don't think that there are demons supporting you
You can be arrogant
Our True Father
That's the real big shot
That status is much higher than that of the demon beast
Exactly.
The Witch Beast is just a Han general under Huyan Sect
How can I match the princes of Uncle Red?
Okay, okay, okay.
I don't want to quarrel with you.
Red Bursts, you can go to the manager and ask.
This place was given to me by my little mother
It has nothing to do with you.
Catch you and dare to be stubborn
This is my crown
You also wear